Article IV – Membership Section 1: Regular membership. Voting members of this organization shall consist of regularly enrolled full-time undergraduate and graduate students at Washington State University. Parttime students are also considered regular members. Members should have an interest in fitness or dance, but experience is not required. We are an all-inclusive club. Section 2: Honorary or associate membership. Non-voting members may consist of WSU employees or non-students. Honorary or associate members may not participate in voting but may contribute ideas to the club and participate in activities, events, and showcases. Section 3: Non-discrimination clause. Consistent with all applicable federal and state laws and University policies, this organization and its subordinate bodies and officers shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, religion, veteran’s status, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, or disability in its selection of members. Section 4: Dues. Membership fees are applicable at the time of joining Members may join at any time of the year (excluding summers when RSOs are inactive). Membership fees are $30 for full-time students and $45 for honorary/non-student members. This fee may be paid in $5 increments, due at each meeting attended until full fee is met. This is an annual fee and will be due at the beginning of fall semester or upon joining, whichever comes first. These fees will always be used towards club purchases, such as equipment, grips, attire, and rentals but are not limited to those items. Section 5: Members that have paid dues or have graduated will be honored as Alumni. Alumni will be able to participate in events and programs hosted by ADS. They are considered Honorary Members and will not be eligible to vote. Section 6: The club or Executive Board shall, as it deems necessary, shall undertake fundraisers for its own purposes. All fundraising shall be conducted in accordance with Washington State University policies.